Hi, everyone.
My name is Wojciech Lesniak, and welcome to my course, Spring
Framework: Securing Spring Applications Against Common Security
Threats. It is important to get security right.
The consequences of a security breach are high.
We have all seen the headlines,
The good news is Spring Security protects your application against some of the
most common security threats right out of the box, and is one of the most
popular frameworks for securing Java applications.
In this course,
you will learn how to get up and running with Spring Security and Spring
Boot right from the get‑go so that your security evolves along with your
application's architecture and is not left to the very end of the project
where it's hard to implement.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include the underlying
architecture of Spring Security and the common threats it protects
your application against, how to configure authentication for both
multipage and single page applications,
enabling HTTPS and securely encrypting and accessing secrets in your code,
correctly handling authentication and authorization exceptions.
By the end of this course,
you will know the fundamentals of effectively securing your
application against common security threats with Spring Security
and Spring Boot. Before beginning the course, you should be
familiar with the Spring Framework.
I hope you will join me on this journey to learn Spring Security with
the Spring Framework: Securing Spring Applications against Common Security Threats course at Pluralsight.